planning_docs/Architecture.md, before:

# Architecture / Design

> How the game works under the hood

## High Level

### Tips for me:

- [ ] Think about how to use composition in game, like x has a y. Think golang struct has a struct. I.e. dog has age/walk anim/collider handler/etc components. When something spawns in, it has a popanim component that plays,
- [ ] I don't have to write code the godot way, e.g. load/save my own files without nodes. Use until funcs
- [ ] hand write the code & plan structure. Don't import moto-poc, but re-create it using better systems
- Use spatial comments (debug notes in the level itself)

### Stuff to plan out:

- Filesystem / folder structure
- Gameplay Loop w/ Flowcharts
- Code Structure
  - Signal Buses
- different systems that are needed
- How different systems work together
- Save system (use my own json instead of following godot's recursive way like G&L)
- NPC AI (traffic)
- multiplayer
- MORE

### Features to plan out:

- Tutorials via challenges
  - Teach how to shift, do tricks, and physics of braking via examples.
  - Speed up to 60 then take this corner at the apex, brake progressively

## Nitty-Gritty

### Godot groups

- `utils/constants.gd` has a map of Group name to group name. This should be used whenever accessing a group name so we're sure it exists.

### Translation / Localization

- Source for strings is `localization/localization.csv`
  - This CSV is auto-imported to .translation files
- Using in UI:
  - Use the key_name from the csv, it should auto-swap.
- Using in code:
  - `print(tr("<key_name>"))`

### Managers

- Managers should have a state machine, and are in the "**Managers**" group. _See constants.gd_
- How to use:
  - Create Node under `ManagerManager` Node, rename to class name of the manager. e.g. `MenuManager` node uses `menu_manager.gd` which is `MenuManager` `class_name`

### State Machine

- Managers can have a State Machine, this will transition between different states
  - e.g. MenuManager can be in MainMenuState, or SettingsMenuState, etc.
- How to use:
  - Create Node, attach StateMachine script
  - Children of this Node that are States will automatically be registered
  - Transitioning of states happens via State.transitioned() signal, or request_state_change() func
  - New States can be registered / deregistered to be managed by the state machine

### Menus

- Menu States:
  - OutOfGame
    - MainMenu
    - SettingsMenu
    - LobbyMenu
  - InGame
    - PauseMenu
    - RespawnMenu
    - UpgradeMenu
    - CustomizationMenu
    - LobbyGameModeSelectMenu

- Example flow:
  - MainMenu (default)
    - SettingsMenu
    - LobbyMenu

Commit message:

add architecture doc for menu state system

planning_docs/Architecture.md, after:

# Architecture / Design

> How the game works under the hood

## High Level

### Tips for me:

- [ ] Think about how to use composition in game, like x has a y. Think golang struct has a struct. I.e. dog has age/walk anim/collider handler/etc components. When something spawns in, it has a popanim component that plays,
- [ ] I don't have to write code the godot way, e.g. load/save my own files without nodes. Use until funcs
- [ ] hand write the code & plan structure. Don't import moto-poc, but re-create it using better systems
- Use spatial comments (debug notes in the level itself)

### Stuff to plan out:

- Filesystem / folder structure
- Gameplay Loop w/ Flowcharts
- Code Structure
  - Signal Buses
- different systems that are needed
- How different systems work together
- Save system (use my own json instead of following godot's recursive way like G&L)
- NPC AI (traffic)
- multiplayer
- MORE

### Features to plan out:

- Tutorials via challenges
  - Teach how to shift, do tricks, and physics of braking via examples.
  - Speed up to 60 then take this corner at the apex, brake progressively

## Nitty-Gritty

### Godot groups

- `utils/constants.gd` has a map of Group name to group name. This should be used whenever accessing a group name so we're sure it exists.

### Translation / Localization

- Source for strings is `localization/localization.csv`
  - This CSV is auto-imported to .translation files
- Using in UI:
  - Use the key_name from the csv, it should auto-swap.
- Using in code:
  - `print(tr("<key_name>"))`

### Managers

- Managers should have a state machine, and are in the "**Managers**" group. _See constants.gd_
- How to use:
  - Create Node under `ManagerManager` Node, rename to class name of the manager. e.g. `MenuManager` node uses `menu_manager.gd` which is `MenuManager` `class_name`

### State Machine

- Managers can have a State Machine, this will transition between different states
  - e.g. MenuManager can be in MainMenuState, or SettingsMenuState, etc.
- How to use:
  - Create Node, attach StateMachine script
  - Children of this Node that are States will automatically be registered
  - Transitioning of states happens via State.transitioned() signal, or request_state_change() func
  - New States can be registered / deregistered to be managed by the state machine

### Menu State Machine System

Menus use the state machine pattern where each screen is a `MenuState` extending `State`.

#### Creating a New Menu State

> Follow other files for example.

- Create new scene > `MenuState` type
  - Name it `<TYPE>MenuState`, save to `menus/...` as `<type>_menu_state.tscn`
- Create script with `<type>_menu_state.gd` as the name
  - Give it the `class_name` `<TYPE>MenuState` extends `MenuState`
- Add a `Control` node, name it `%UI`

- `@export var menu_manager: MenuManager` + target states. (see other files)
  - In `Enter()`: call `ui.show()`, connect button signals
  - In `Exit()`: call `ui.hide()`, disconnect button signals
  - Transition via `transitioned.emit(target_state)`
- Add this new scene in the state machine
  - Add as a child of the StateMachine node
  - Wire up the exports in inspector (menu_manager, navigation targets)

#### Key Rules

- All MenuStates **must** have a `%UI` Control node (unique name)
- Set `initial_state` on StateMachine to define the default menu
- Connect signals in `Enter()`, disconnect in `Exit()` to avoid duplicate connections
