planning_docs/TODO.md, before:

# TODO

> Don't forget, have fun :D

## In Progress 🚀

- [ ] Add toasts
- [ ] Finish UI routing
  - [ ] Pass params to states?
  - [ ] nav to lobby / level select depending on which button you choose
  - [ ] figure out how to spawn players in lobby without adding too much code

- [ ] Create LevelManager
  - [ ] Move BGClear Rect as a level type
  - [ ] Add customize menu bg as level type

## Up Next 📋

- [ ] Create basic SettingsMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI
  - [ ] Add all components
- [ ] Create basic PauseMenu scene/ui
  - [ ] Create scene
  - [ ] New task

## Backlog

- [ ] Add transition animations (e.g. circle in/out) between Menu States / Loading states
- [ ] Create InputManager
- [ ] Create NetworkManager
- [ ] Create GamemodeManager
- [ ] Create SpawnManager
- [ ] Create TrickManager
- [ ] Connect signals between all managers in ManagerManager

- [ ] Create Entities/Player
- [ ] Create Test Levels
  - [ ] Gym - player controller, with tp. Basically in game documentation.
    - (E.g. How far can you jump)
  - [ ] Zoo - all relevant models/scenes in 3d space to easily compare
    - (E.g. diff bikes/mods on each bike)
    - There's a godot plugin for this
  - [ ] Museum - functionally show how systems work, text explaining the systems.
    - (E.g. showing physics demos, how scripted sequences work)
- [ ] Git LFS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ln6iRh_LTo
- [ ] Setup cloudflare image upload in vscode
- [ ] ~Import~ Recreate stuff from moto-player-controller

## Done ✅

- [x] Create basic LobbyMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI
  - [x] Add all components

- [x] Create basic PlayMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene / ui
  - [x] create all components (see excalidraw)

- [x] PrimaryBtn style

- [x] create menu uidiagram

- [x] Create UI Theme

- [x] Create basic MainMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI

- [x] Fix Menu HACKS / Cleanup
  - [x] Update Architecture doc w/ final setup
- [x] Create MenuManager
- [x] Navigate between Menus
- [x] Basic Localization
- [x] Create ManagerManager
- [x] Create StateMachine
- [x] Update project plan
- [x] Create godot 4.6 project
- [x] Create folder structure
- [x] Create planning docs

Commit message:

Pass params to states via context

planning_docs/TODO.md, after:

# TODO

> Don't forget, have fun :D

## In Progress 🚀

- [ ] Finish UI routing
  - [x] Pass params to states via context
  - [ ] nav to lobby / level select depending on which button you choose
  - [ ] connect all the buttons

- [ ] Create LevelManager
  - [ ] Move BGClear Rect as a level type
  - [ ] Add customize menu bg as level type

## Up Next 📋

- [ ] Add toasts

- [ ] Create basic SettingsMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI
  - [ ] Add all components
- [ ] Create basic PauseMenu scene/ui
  - [ ] Create scene
  - [ ] New task

## Backlog

- [ ] Add transition animations (e.g. circle in/out) between Menu States / Loading states
- [ ] Create InputManager
- [ ] Create NetworkManager
  - [ ] figure out how to spawn players in lobby without adding too much code

- [ ] Create GamemodeManager
- [ ] Create SpawnManager
- [ ] Create TrickManager
- [ ] Connect signals between all managers in ManagerManager

- [ ] Create Entities/Player
- [ ] Create Test Levels
  - [ ] Gym - player controller, with tp. Basically in game documentation.
    - (E.g. How far can you jump)
  - [ ] Zoo - all relevant models/scenes in 3d space to easily compare
    - (E.g. diff bikes/mods on each bike)
    - There's a godot plugin for this
  - [ ] Museum - functionally show how systems work, text explaining the systems.
    - (E.g. showing physics demos, how scripted sequences work)
- [ ] Git LFS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ln6iRh_LTo
- [ ] Setup cloudflare image upload in vscode
- [ ] ~Import~ Recreate stuff from moto-player-controller

## Done ✅

- [x] Create basic LobbyMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI
  - [x] Add all components

- [x] Create basic PlayMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene / ui
  - [x] create all components (see excalidraw)

- [x] PrimaryBtn style

- [x] create menu uidiagram

- [x] Create UI Theme

- [x] Create basic MainMenu scene/ui
  - [x] Create scene
  - [x] Improve the UI

- [x] Fix Menu HACKS / Cleanup
  - [x] Update Architecture doc w/ final setup
- [x] Create MenuManager
- [x] Navigate between Menus
- [x] Basic Localization
- [x] Create ManagerManager
- [x] Create StateMachine
- [x] Update project plan
- [x] Create godot 4.6 project
- [x] Create folder structure
- [x] Create planning docs
